---
title: "ENGL 3050: Intro to Rhetoric and Composition"
date: 2020-05-23T14:34:56-04:00
tags: []
draft: false
---
#### Background

I completed this annotated bibliography during Fall 2018 for Professor Michael Harker’s ENGL 3050 Intro to Rhetoric and Composition course. I learned most of the fundamentals of rhetoric in this this class. For this assignment, I was tasked with finding sources and annotating them for a rhetorical analysis paper. I chose to analyze the rhetorical devices used in advertising used in podcasts. This work would be useful for podcasters who want to understand how to appeal to their audiences while satisfying their sponsers’ requirements.

Even though this piece of writing isn’t a full-fledged paper, I was given the opportunity to focus on researching and exploring a topic I was interested in. Since I wasn’t panicking to meet a deadline that involved researching, writing, and revising for a paper, I had a lot of time to thoroughly analyze the sources from a rhetorical standpoint. This helped strengthen my understanding of the course material because it allowed me to see how other writers used the same rhetorical appeals and devices in actual published pieces of writing. This item’s strength lies in the variety of sources it features. If I would change anything, I would revise the annotations and update the list of sources with any new, relevant information.

To view my work, see the [PDF Version](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pAmqTzTbOG6BQYAgVV823KOCXTkcHNxZ/view).