---
title: "ENGL 3105: Practical Grammar"
date: 2020-05-08T21:14:24-04:00
tags: []
draft: false
---
#### Background
I completed this revision project during Spring 2019 for Professor Melissa McLeod’s ENGL 3105 Practical Grammar course. This course gave me a refresher on grammar principles I already knew and it also helped me put a name to certain principles that I knew intuitively, but didn’t know the technical term for. I was tasked with revising an older paper written for one of my past English courses using the grammar principles we reviewed and learned over the course of the semester. I chose a rhetorical argument essay that I wrote for ENGL 3080 Persuasion: History, Theory, and Practice. I chose to write as an advocate for automation.

I chose this item because I was excited to have a chance to improve one of my past works. I remember that I wrote several different papers before arriving at this final paper. I believe I wrote a paper arguing for automation, one arguing against automation, and then one paper that simply provided the facts of both sides. I combined these papers in the end. This process helped me form a strong sense of the playing field for this topic. I worked hard to use factual based information and statistics in forming my argument. If I had more time, I would update the facts and statistics and further develop my argument considering the changes today. The paper was written two years ago, and this industry is always rapidly changing.

To view my work, see the [PDF Version](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1W5C9Ind6CNWriU1TrjbE0Gt3qAclZNYp/view)