---
title: "ENGL 3100: Composition Studies"
date: 2020-05-23T14:34:22-04:00
draft: false
---
#### Background
I completed this research paper during Spring 2020 for Professor Nathan Wagner’s ENGL 3100 Composition Studies course. For this assignment, I was tasked with crafting an argument about an aspect of composition studies. I used the readings we discussed over the semester and outside sources I found on my own to create an argument about the practice of composition studies, or more specifically why and how to incorporate digital learning into English pedagogy. This paper is a call to action geared towards educators.

I chose this piece for my portfolio because it is relevant, urgent, and exemplifies the argument I make. The pandemic caused schools to close mid-semester and continue instruction online. This piece would not be born otherwise. During the semester I grew to understand what composition means and its importance to writers. Understanding composition and its history was the missing puzzle piece that made everything I learned before fall into place. While writing this piece, I was able to materialize and strengthen that understanding. In this piece, I show my digital information literacy, my attention to writers’ corporeal experiences, and flexibility as a writer (being able to view an argument from multiple viewpoints). If I had more time, I would provide a more thorough teaching plan for educators.

To view my work, see the [PDF version](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wNCEfaFf4RbTM4XxSTIIIK4msTPGOv86/view). 
